[Music]
Hello my dearest lovers of the
heart I hope you're enjoying
the day well bombshell that
marina esnal just confirmed and yes marina
anal breaks the news although there are people who
are doubting it I
believe marina for now all the bombshells
each marina and all the exclusives each
marina has never disappointed us and on
this occasion I don't think it's
exclusive either rocio flores signs on as a
collaborator on ya son las ocho with
sonsoles ónega the contract was signed
a few weeks ago and the program is already
setting the date for her
debut on the program presented by
sonsoles ónega
according to marina the contract has been
signed for weeks
incredible to be honest I would
n't think it would be bad at all and I wouldn't be
surprised if she worked on her program
son las 8 or rather she collaborates on
ana rosa which is a program if I'm not
mistaken from the same producer and more or
less on that program they have always had
a lot of respect towards her and towards and towards
her environment it is no longer a program that
belongs to the television factories
so well  at the moment it fits me he
says that
his participation would be a couple of times
a month therefore it would be little to
wish me varying depending on whether
or not the information and the
news of the moment appear you know how
this world is no that the same suddenly
a separation appears some
horns appear at a wedding appear
many things for which Rocío Flores
could appear more or less in the
program surely she will coincide with her
aunt Gloria Camila and now it also makes
a lot of sense the possibility that
Manuel Ven Mar the boyfriend or ex boyfriend that
right now I am not sure about Rocío
Flores could be one of the next
contestants of survivors that by the
way the other day we were talking
about the failure of being that manager and Big
Brother in disguise and that they are
dispatching it quickly to finish them
to finish it quickly well they would be
considering bringing forward the
next edition of survivors with
a cast of contestants and with a
rather curious casting that seems
familiar to you the new
job of Rocío Flores or would you like
Rocío Flores to be confirmed well Marina
Bernal confirms it Marina  Entering is
clear and I'm telling you, when
Marina dares to put a headline
like that, it's because she has it very clear,
never in all the months that I've
known her, which I think will be about a year now, never, never,
never have we had to
regret trusting her, so
for now, I'll put my hand in the fire for
her, family, whatever you think about this
news or are reading it, don't forget to
subscribe and I send you a huge hug.
[Music]